Hydra clean updates (#1731)
input-output-hk/hydra: docs/docs/tutorial/index.md

# Open a head on testnet

> This tutorial demonstrates how to use `hydra-node` on Cardano's `pre-production` testing environment to open a layer 2 state channel between two participants using the Hydra Head protocol. We'll also use [Mithril](https://mithril.network) for fast node bootstrapping.

Reviewer: Please revert; `preprod` is a symbol referred to typically in code. It's important to keep it as-is.

Author: Updated

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Next, fund these addresses. If you have test ada on the `preprod` network, distribute it to the newly created addresses:

Reviewer: @oduameh I believe I asked these to be kept as _preprod_.

> Next, fund these addresses. If you have test ada on the `pre-production` network, distribute it to the newly created addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, fund these addresses. If you have test ada on the `preprod` network, distribute it to the newly created addresses:
```

:::info Where to get funds

> In case you don't have test ada on `pre-production`, you can use the [testnet faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnets/tools/faucet/) to fund your wallet or the addresses above. Note that due to rate limiting, it's better to request large sums for efficiency and distribute as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you don't have test ada on `preprod`, you can use the [testnet faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnets/tools/faucet/) to fund your wallet or the addresses above. Note that due to rate limiting, it's better to request large sums for efficiency and distribute as needed.
```
